Below is a summary of the material in this repository.

1. Cube
The formula for the volume of a cube is V = s³, example:
V - is the volume of the cube
s - is the side of the cube

2. Beam
The formula for the volume of a block is V = l x w x h, example:
V is the volume of the block
l - is the length of the beam
w - is the width of the beam
h - is the height of the block

3. Ball
The formula for the volume of a sphere is V = 4/3 πr³, example:
V - is the volume of the ball
π - is the number pi (≈ 3.14)
r - is the radius of the ball

4. Tube
The formula for the volume of a cylinder is V = πr² x t, example:
V - is the volume of the cylinder
π - is the number pi (≈ 3.14)
r - is the radius of the tube
t - is the height of the tube

5. Cone
The formula for the volume of a cone is V = 1/3 πr² x t, example:
V - is the volume of the cone
π - is the number pi (≈ 3.14)
r - is the radius of the cone

6. Pyramid
The formula for the volume of a pyramid is... V = 1/3 x base area x height, example:
V - is the volume of the pyramid
The area of ​​the base is the area of ​​the n-side that is the base of the pyramid
height is the height of the pyramid

7. Prism
The formula for the volume of a prism is... V = base area x height, example:
V - is the volume of the prism
The base area is the area of ​​the n-facet that is the base of the prism
height is the height of the prism

8. circle
The area of ​​a circle is the area bounded by the circle. The formula for the area of ​​a circle is as follows:
L = πr²
example:
L - is the area of ​​the circle
π - is the number pi (≈ 3.14)
r - is the radius of the circle

The circumference of a circle is the length of the curved line that borders the circle. The formula for the circumference of a circle is as follows:
K = 2πr
example:
K - is the circumference of the circle
π - is the number pi (≈ 3.14)
r - is the radius of the circle

9. Circle
The formula for the area of ​​a circle is based on the concept that the area of ​​a circle can be calculated by multiplying the area of ​​a small circle with radius 1 by the number of small circles present. The area of ​​a small circle is πr², so the area of ​​the circle is as follows:
L = π * r²
2. Circle Perimeter Formula
The formula for the circumference of a circle is based on the concept that the circumference of a circle can be calculated by adding up the lengths of the curved lines that limit a small circle of radius 1. The circumference of a small circle is 2πr, so the circumference of the circle is as follows:
K = 2 * π * r
